Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

James Swinehart

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Benny Wertheimer

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

Tara, lab TA

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This paper represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This paper represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?

None that we know of.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

mywc000.txt: Empty file. Tests boundary case with no lines, words,
spaces, or characters. Tests statement for the main loop condition,
as it should return EOF when getchar() attempts to obtain input from
an empty file (line 30).

mywc001.txt: File with one ASCII character 'a'. Tests boundary case with
one character, one word, and no whitespace.

mywc002.txt: File with one space. Tests boundary case with one character
of whitespace.

mywc003.txt: File with one newline. Tests boudnary case with one 
character of whitespace, and that one character being a newline.

mywc004.txt: File beginning with a space. Tests boundary case of a file
starting with whitespace, in particular a space.

mywc005.txt: File beginning with a newline. Tests boundary case of a 
file starting with a new line.

mywc006.txt: File with purely 10 characters of spaces. Tests boundary 
case of a file only containing many whitespace characters to ensure no 
words are unnecessarily counted. Statement test for condtion isspace() =
true and iInWord = false (lines 34 and 36), ensures that word count is 
not incremented for spaces if the text is not in a word state.

mywc100.txt: Text with no spaces. Statement tests for else condtion to
isspace() (line 42) to ensure that iInWord is correctly set to true
(line 44) and that the iInWord if statement at the end of the text 
properly increments the word count only once (line 52). Ensures words 
are not incremented if spaces are not present and that words are 
incremented at the end of a string of text even if no spaces were 
present.

mywc101.txt: File with purely 10 characters of newline characters.
Statement test to ensure that lLineCount is properly incremented for
the if iChar == '\n' statement (line 48).

mywc200.txt: The first 999 lines of The Great Gatsby by F. Scott
Fitzgerald. All non-ASCII characters have been removed. Stress tests 
mywc.c and mywc.s by processing a large input, many different kinds of 
ASCII characters, and human-generated input

mywc201.txt: 40,000 characters of randomly generated ASCII characters. 
Uses all possible ASCII characters, including spaces and newlines. 
Stress tests mywc.c and mywc.s by processing large amounts of data, 
long lines of characters, and random, computer-generated imput.

mywc201.txt: 500 lines of randomly generated binary.
Stress tests mywc.c and mywc.s by processing large amounts of binary
input and random, computer-generated input.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  5.223172 seconds

Part 2b:  2.211320 seconds

Part 2d:  _____ seconds

Part 2e:  _____ seconds

Part 2f:  _____ seconds




